MILAN GREEK

This font is a modernized version of the typeface used for the edition 
of Isocrates published  in Milan in 1493, which may have been cut by 
Heinrich Schinzenzeler and Sebastiano da Pontremolo. The original 
typeface is the best of the family of bold, rugged faces used for the 
very first Greek texts to be published in this city. It includes 
several forms of certain letters, of which I have selected the most 
modern in style. Two letters, eta and nu, had only one version and 
this would not have been legible to a modern reader, so I have drawn 
completely new letters. The episema are also invented by me. The 
original had no capitals. Although there is a Milan Greek face with 
capitals, that of Bonus Accursius, 1480, these are ornate and rather 
eastern in form and not suitable for modern use. So I have had to fake 
the capitals as well.

These fonts have the character set of the Greek font supplied with the
shareware program WinGreek for Windows (wgreek18.zip or wgreek19.zip 
from SimTel mirror sites), with the additions listed below. Only the 
Type 1 version of the font has the characters with codes below 32; all 
these characters are printable in Word for Windows and many other 
Windows applications. TrueType fonts can't display characters under 
32.

1 C-shaped capital Sigma
2 c-shaped small sigma
10 half space
32-126 [as WinGreek, but the useless <> signs have been styled as
     corner brackets]
128 left double quote
129 right double quote
130 exclamation mark
131-251 [as WinGreek, but the unprintable character 160 is blank; see
     254]
252 epsilon circumflex [added to later versions of WinGreek - why?]
253 omicron circumflex [ditto]
254 diaeresis grave [some versions of the WinGreek font had this on
     160, which is unprintable]
255 low prime [for numerals]

Kerning: all unaccented lower case letters are kerned relative to each 
other, so that numerals can be printed properly. Otherwise, only pairs 
that actually occur in classical Greek are kerned. Word for Windows 
cannot use kerning in TrueType fonts that do not have standard 
encoding - as the Greek fonts do not. The fonts are designed to look 
OK without kerning, though obviously kerning improves letter spacing.


THESE FONTS ARE SHAREWARE

They took a lot of work to design, and I would be touchingly grateful 
if you could see your way to paying a small fee for them. So please 
send a cheque for $20 or equivalent in other currency (or 10 pounds 
sterling) to:

Ralph Hancock
17 Queen's Gate Place
London SW7 5NY
United Kingdom

tel & fax +44171 584 2457
e-mail hancock@dircon.co.uk
http://www.users.dircon.co.uk/~hancock

Please get in touch if you want a different version of the font. I 
will recode it, free, to any coding you like - as long as you tell me 
EXACTLY what character set you want. Mac versions can also be 
supplied, normally in the popular GreekKeys character set but this can 
be changed too. Note that this is a Greek-only font, so I can't make 
up a roman-and-Greek character set like the Windows modern Greek one.

By all means pass the font on to other people but, if you do, be sure 
to include this note with it.
